I shot
we're long we just met
and I think you ought to know
well hello and welcome to very very last
episode of addictions yeah I'm still
it's been because of my browser yeah
yeah it's the last one I've just watched
the Aston organ game calls after one for
once I'm very very happy I'm also happy
because I got the prediction for the and
reading the mantissa going right I'm
predicted to know and it was to know so
that's kind of cool but yeah i've got
all my predictions here for the final
game I'm quite busy this week saw for
that do you know a bit of time so for
sunday with what chunky Everton it's
going to be two nil to chelsea liverpool
QP ice it'll be 21 to liverpool magazine
or read today on to man city and we've
got newcastle arsenal I think it's gonna
be one nil to Arsenal South Mountain
stoke the only oral Swansea fellow a
one-nil to Swansea Tottenham sunderland
0 to 12 sunburns and then have a very
happy card of record the shot after that
one at West Brom man united free 12 Man
United what's ham ready in that freedom
to West Ham and finally Wiggum Aston
Villa think and we're gonna win that
variable one nil wait so yeah that's my
predictions for the final time of this
season and I think we'll be back next
season I really enjoyed it season
despite the stupid comments i have
constantly on my videos which is very
tiring very mature I have enjoyed it and
I hope you guys have to I don't forget
as always to give me 10 12 if you don't
already its atmosphere we skype and
check out my website which is www is K
com also follow well 13 out there to a
handle is coming up right are to this
video yeah I want to thank you thank
everyone again for watching my videos
this season and
can have lots more fun to come next
season so have a good week and see also
I sure
we're only just met
and I think you ought to know